# IOT-SOLUTION-FOR-INTELLIGENT-ANALYSIS-IN-GRAPE-PRODUCTION


  Productivity in agricultural crops is becoming increasingly important since soils are less fertile with more needs for foods. The technology is key to solve the lack of food, because it allows to optimize resources and to predict the production, improving thus the planning in the distribution and commercialization, avoiding even situations of risk to the shortage in the production. This work is focused on grape cultivation, with peculiar needs towards production, within what is known as precision agriculture, where automation is key. An intelligent conceptual solution is proposed within the Internet of things, IoT paradigm.

  The approach on the conceptual development in IoT is based on the capture of data by means of interconnected devices, for monitoring and data analysis. This project, as its title indicates is focused on these two aspects and especially on the intelligent analysis of data.
  
  A key fact for intelligent processing is digital image analysis. On these images, an intelligent processing is carried out at the local level, based on the application of Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN). By classifying the images, the ratio of grapes-leaves is obtained. This data, along with the other data that simulate sensory capture, obtained from specialized sources, are sent to the cloud for storage, processing, and publishing. Intelligent processing in the cloud consists of defining the corresponding multiple linear regression model, estimating the parameters that define the model, to make predictions with current data. The prediction, in addition to being able to determine the evolution of the crop, allows to act in a controlled way when required, trying to improve the environmental conditions in order to control relevant parameters to improve the production.
